how David came to nob - ahem Erlich for
priest and a him Alek was afraid when he
met David and said to him why are you
alone and no one is with you the King
has ordered me on some business and said
to me do not let anyone know anything
about the business on which I send you
or what I have commanded you and I have
directed my young men to such and such a
place
now therefore what have you on hand
give me five loaves of bread in my hand
or whatever can be found there is no
common bread on hand but there is holy
bread if the young men have at least
kept themselves from women truly women
have been kept from us about three days
since I came out and the vessels of the
young men are holy and the bread is in
effect common even though it was
consecrated in the vessel this day
so the priest gave him holy bread for
there was no bread there but the
showbread which had been taken from
before the Lord in order to put hot
bread in its place on the day when it
was taken away now a certain man of the
servants of Saul was there that day
detained before the Lord and his name
was doing an Edomite the chief of the
herdsmen who belonged to Saul and David
said to a hymn elec is there not here on
hand a spear or a sword for I have
brought neither my sword nor my weapons
with me because the Kings business
required haste the sword of Goliath the
Philistine whom you killed in the Valley
of Elah there it is wrapped in a cloth
behind the ephod if you will take that
take it well there is no other except
that one here there is none like it give
it to me and David arose and fled that
day from before Seoul and went to a
Koosh the king of Gath and the servants
of a Koosh said to him is this not David
the king of the land
did they not sing of him to one another
in dances saying Saul has slain his
thousands and David his ten thousands
now David took these words to heart and
was very much afraid of a Koosh the king
of Gath so he changed his behavior
before them pretended madness and their
hands scratched on the doors of the gate
and let his saliva fall down on his
beard then a Koosh said to his servants
look you see the man is insane why have
you brought him to me
have I need of madmen that you were
brought this fellow to play the madman
in my presence
shall this fellow come into my house
you